README.md, before:

# GoHome
GoHome is a tool which motivates you to go home and live your life (LOL!) 
Well it reminds you to close the work and go home after completion of working hours.

# Configuring the timeout time

- Use `-h` flag to configure the hours to set
- Use `-m` flag to configure the mins to set

Example:

`main -h 1 -m 30` sets the timer for 1 hour and 30 minutes

# Usage

## For Windows
Put the `main.exe` in "Startup" folder to run the program on booting your machine

## Dependency

GoUI: https://github.com/andlabs/ui for Platform Native UI

Credits
-------

Author: [Akshay Chordiya](https://github.com/AkshayChordiya)

License
-------

    Copyright (c) 2016 Akshay Chordiya

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.



---

Commit message:

Updated README with more details

README.md, after:

# GoHome
GoHome is a tool which motivates you to go home and live your life (LOL!) 
Well it reminds you to close the work and go home after completion of working hours.

# Configuring the timeout time

- Use `-h` flag to configure the hours to set
- Use `-m` flag to configure the mins to set
- Use `-message` flag to configure the message to show on completion of working hours

Example:

`main -h 1 -m 30` sets the timer for 1 hour and 30 minutes
`main -h 1 -m 30 -message "Go"` sets the timer for 1 hour and 30 minutes and shows dialog with the given message

# Usage (Newbiees)

## For Windows
Put the `main.exe` in "Startup" folder to run the program on booting your machine

# Building (Experts)

TODO

## Dependency

GoUI: https://github.com/andlabs/ui for Platform Native UI

Credits
-------

Author: [Akshay Chordiya](https://github.com/AkshayChordiya)

License
-------

    Copyright (c) 2016 Akshay Chordiya

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
    copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
    SOFTWARE.



---
